---
layout: post
title:  "Update - Term Paper"
date:   2025-04-21
author: Alex
categories: gseip
dev_blog: true
---

Didn't do too much today. We used a ultrasonic cleaner to clean the ITO on glass from last time that I biffed by dipping the cathode with the solution. it didn't work at all. the photolithrogrphy must've also been ruined after cleaning because gold was plated at very random places with no pattern at all, even under teh optical microscope

talked to dane about uv covering the oxygen vacanies making the ito more conductive, which may be why its plating inverse. we gave me a paper to refer to. we talked about how my annealing method forward plated. i honestly think i dipped the cathode in the solution as well for that, but i don't know why that worked that time. I think the stable voltage reading in the current source is what suggested that. I think when it's working right, the voltage reading fluctuates around, but if its inside the solution its very stable. so im going to try the annealing method again

i asked chatgpt earlier in the day about what it thinks this phenomenon, he said its sort of expected and the uv actually cleans the places that are exposed, making it a more favorable place for gold to plate. inspired by this lukas and i decided to do some uv ozone cleaning which i will do this wednesday, and clean all the tweazers, degrease, clean the photomask to rule this possiblility out. 

i also finished term paper today and incorporated these results into it