---
layout: post
title:  "Update - Term Paper"
date:   2025-04-28
author: Alex
categories: gseip
dev_blog: true
---

so today was quite interesting. i only stayed for 2 hours at the lab today because i had my senior design project this morning and i was scrambling to finish it, so i didn't eat much. 

from wednesday last week i did the ITO on glass control experiment, but none of the pattern showed up. it was confusing and furstrating, so i decided to do another control experiment today. 

first, i had thought before that the voltage readings was stable around when i had touched the cathode to the solution, and when it is clearly out of the solution, it fluctuated. but today, when i did the electroplating, the voltage readings remained still. it was weird. and as the process went on, usually around the 20minute mark I would see specks of gold on the ITO, but today i saw that the ITO turning brownish? reddish? i thought the ITO was changing colors which was odd, because I had never observed this change before. confused, i carried out my usual electroplating process and took it out. i saw that the entire ITO surface was plated with gold! something that had NEVER happened before. before, my gold plating experiments were super annoying because it plated on very irregular patterns, and patchy. however today the entire ITO was plated in gold, and more defined on the pattersn. so i think i overplated it today, so next time i will do it less and see what happens. lukas told me that the only thing that changed was he ultrasonicated the electroplating rig setup before, and i guess that changes everything, which was totally unexpected and weird. i plan to try again next week.

i also annealed the ITO on glass, so that i can repeat the experiment, since this was the only time i observed forward plating on ITO. however, i got super hungry and decided to do it next week. annealing changes the structure of the surface and it maintains that changed surface unless the material is brough near the annealing temperature again, so it should be find leaving it a week and electroplating later. if not, i can try again.

so now, i have two more lab sessions remaining, and it's important that i make best use of the time to wrap the semester up nicely. I want to do a couple more things, such as continuing the electroplating with the the annealed sample, starting the electroplating from higher current, trying a different plating solution, and maybe trying a different method of patterning or plating. 