---
layout: post
title:  "Update - Initial Experiments"
date:   2025-03-31
author: Alex
categories: gseip
dev_blog: true
---
today i did two experiments:

one with ito
put it under euv machine (accidentally turned the top one only. idk what the exact difference in mechanism is)
put 100 mL of water, then positive photoresist
put it for 3min
put it in the electroplating rig
the recordings are here
since its resistless/seedless? you have to slowly increased the current so it builds up the seed layer during the electroplating process
compilance voltage
the inversion phenomenon happened!
apparently its common for ito, and Dane has got it not invert a couple times. my goal for next time. 

one with silicon wafer
very similar process. 
got rid of native oxide first using HF dunk
put it under euv machine (only turned the top one only again to keep it consistent)
put 100mL of water, then postiive photoresist.
put it for 3min
put it in electroplating rig
the recordings are here
very big voltage jump for some reason, maybe reuse the gold-sulfite solution, since i did the ito experiment before this? maybe euv mistake i made (most likely)?
no inversion. 

so when we photoresist with euv, the marked patterns don't get masked by the euv.
positive, the patterns are marked as brown(exposed)-> outside is masked
negative, the outside of the patterns are marked as brown (exposed) -> pattern is masked
so what electroplating does is the exposed parts are plated. with gold in our case. 
positive mask -> patterns are exposed thus plating on the exposed patterns
negative mask -> outside are exposed, thus plating on the outside.
inversion is the opposite phenomenon