---
layout: post
title:  "Update - Term Paper"
date:   2025-05-05
author: Alex
categories: gseip
dev_blog: true
---

Today I talked to Dane for a bit to discuss my results so far and how I should wrap up my experiments given that this week is the last week of lab. 

I started talking to him becuase I wanted to work the resitivity sweep machine to measure the sheet resistance of ITO. Today I intened to repeat the electroplating on ITO that has been annealed in oxygen in advance, like last time, to see if the experiment is repeatable, since this is the only instance of experiment that resulted in a forward plating of the photolithography patterns. So I wanted to just see how the resistivity of ITO changed due to annealing. 

I measured with another piece of unaltered ITO and confirmed that the sheet resistance is on the order of 200-250e-6 ohms meters, and I used the annealed ITO from last week and measured that the resisitivy increased to roughyl 350-400e-6 ohms meters, which was consistant with what I remember measuring from my first electroplating experiment with annealed ITO. So annealing actually increased the resistivity of the ITO. Strange, because the internet said it would decrease it, but I tend to trust my own results more. BUt again the internet is probably true, our experimental setup probably wasn't the same. I also confirmed that the other side of the ITO was glass since resistivity sweeping the glass side exceeding the voltage limit at around 10e-3 ohms meters, meaning that the actual resisitivity is much higher. but regardless, we know the differnce between the resisitivty of ITO and glass is very different--by at least more than three orders of magnitude, which will be important for our discusison later on. 

So when Dane saw this, he suggested, like last time, to do electroplating begining at a higher current of around 500 micro amps instead of the usual 100 nanoamps. I tried that right away, after doing 3min of VUV using the usual positive photomask. First 3 mins of 500 micro amps, I already started seeing specks of gold on the ITO, when I hit 700 micro amps and around the 7 minute mark, I saw the patterns plated in gold! This is extremely exciting and cool. So this was the secret to electroplating gold on ITO after all. I showed it to Dane again and we had a good conversation on what we think the mechanism behind it is. 

So there were many observations and evidence I've already gather from my experiments. 


try high current with annealed,
taklk abuot the importance of cleaniless, 
try with negative photomask. 

There is something Dane said that really resonanted with me. When I told him I was slightly frustrated and disappointed last week when my experiments didn't turn out the way I wanted to, he told me (rephrased as) that I should not try to control nature, instead I have to let nature be as is and let nature steer me towards the truth. I think this is very very important as an engineer but especially as a scientist. Nature and its propoerites and all sorts of mechanisms alreay exists, already for billions and billions of years before and will exist for billions and billions of years after. I am blessed to be in such an era of technological advancements to be able to uncovered the truth of nature. Whether we are in a simulation or in a world that was created by God, we have no control of it and the only way is to think flexiblity and take in nature as it exists and steer ourselves towards the actual truth and not our expected truth. Humankind have only existed for less than 0.01% of the Earth's lifespan, and about 0.0000015% of our universe's lifespan. How can we possibly know what mother nature is like? All the laws and theories we think of as true today may not have been true billions of years ago or billions of yers from now we don't know anything. Now before I get too philosophical, I want to wrap this blog up. 

talk about connection to my interset with uncovering brain. and wrap this upx



